waynerohde, eTweeetz
Wandaspangler2, GrumFromNorwich
JoeNBC, NancyKellyMart1
Wandaspangler2, RoyWilliams1024
carlsmythe, GeoffSchuler
Wandaspangler2, jdawson38995
carlsmythe, Cattlechildren
anoticingsenpai, Vbalance03
Wandaspangler2, jpsportsminer
anoticingsenpai, and_McDowell
carlsmythe, jhewitt123
JoyAnnReid, Ralgeiz
jkellyca, doritmi
anoticingsenpai, Siubhan_H
Wandaspangler2, kidoctr
JoyAnnReid, Spencemark3
Wandaspangler2, TinFoilAwards
ProAntiVaxxer, kidoctr
jkellyca, djt10
Nicole_Cliffe, AdmiralChristy
Wandaspangler2, MilanovNina
anoticingsenpai, djt10
TinFoilAwards, Siubhan_H
Wandaspangler2, taliesinwho
TinFoilAwards, BeckyJohnson222
JoeNBC, jaxstl
Nicole_Cliffe, bronzebygold
UrgentPart2, LesleyKempson
JoeNBC, beliberalproud
carlsmythe, openmitochondro
KailLowry, Tammy_Drayton
hackenslash2, IwearCrocsAlot
anoticingsenpai, jpsportsminer
spikesandspokes, TakeThatSkeptic
Nicole_Cliffe, yendorcire
cspanwj, 1Anson1
waynerohde, werewecrooked
waynerohde, jdawson38995
JoeNBC, poshn
cspanwj, IBtalking
hackenslash2, whatdivawants
carlsmythe, PileOfGoop
politico, r2no2
CaulfieldTim, danaparish
CaulfieldTim, josh_greenberg
GovMikeHuckabee, TEN4Texas
disabilisaur, pippaliciousj
JoyAnnReid, HaikuDiva
gaviota330, LesleyKempson
hackenslash2, JRohaus
hackenslash2, Greg_MarineLab
GovMikeHuckabee, IrritableHighly
politico, omraweal
GovMikeHuckabee, KathyEmerson18
hackenslash2, rkdoctr
rekeeshturt, TruthtellerDX
LouDobbs, tedsvette
politico, Ruthfulness
KailLowry, Ash_Kirksey
JoeNBC, DefeatLibtards
LouDobbs, zikavirusmap
hackenslash2, RachelOsiris
waynerohde, sarahjain1981
KailLowry, ej13837
gaviota330, LesleyKempson
RVAwonk, Conversationbug
politico, KristinBroers
cspanwj, 1Anson1
KailLowry, peapa905
JoeNBC, poshn
KailLowry, _chantayy
spikesandspokes, TakeThatSkeptic
ProAntiVaxxer, kidoctr
CaulfieldTim, danaparish
JoeNBC, JamesMa13130989
waynerohde, iantrottier
cspanwj, LockeJohn76
politico, Pat1Sox1
UrgentPart2, LesleyKempson
anoticingsenpai, LaLaRueFrench75
JoyAnnReid, amy909
waynerohde, Voices4Vaccines
hackenslash2, seemomster
guardian, johnfaynec
GovMikeHuckabee, lrmorace
anoticingsenpai, proper_t
waynerohde, joqatana
rekeeshturt, puhtaydo
disabilisaur, KintsugiDarling
Nicole_Cliffe, ChercheBuddy
politico, DonQuixokie
JoyAnnReid, helenlig
guardian, 4got10one
JoyAnnReid, ResistPres
disabilisaur, pippaliciousj
JoeNBC, sjcaperton
RVAwonk, Shady_Knight09
guardian, GinintheCity
politico, Acguiredtaste
hackenslash2, PepA_2907
rekeeshturt, TruthtellerDX
Nicole_Cliffe, EricMGarcia
GovMikeHuckabee, KathyEmerson18
KailLowry, ExcogitateLife
waynerohde, HenningTveit
RVAwonk, brashsculptor1
Nicole_Cliffe, MemphisExpat
The_Trump_Train, BarbaraMowrey1
JoeNBC, cycb
GovMikeHuckabee, connaig
cspanwj, Intrepid_1_Too
KailLowry, grammabeth27
JoyAnnReid, KuhliLoachLen
LouDobbs, VReinsfelder
guardian, YayYaysKitchen
JoyAnnReid, Evelyn__020
GovMikeHuckabee, OleAliCat
JoyAnnReid, Truactive
RVAwonk, terreh3
Nicole_Cliffe, alanarusso
hackenslash2, bzsigns
KailLowry, mellygirl2814
maie_lynn, Vbalance03
maie_lynn, skepteis
TinFoilAwards, mimetic90077703
TonyBaduy, Gardeniagal4
cricketcrocker, 1jewish_prince
CaulfieldTim, glenpyle
TonyBaduy, djt10
TonyBaduy, BlueLionBlog
TinFoilAwards, BeckyJohnson222
cricketcrocker, komodomymanor
TonyBaduy, Just4TheCause
maie_lynn, Vbalance03
TonyBaduy, djt10
CaulfieldTim, OccupyBrampton
The_Trump_Train, zikavirusmap
jkellyca, BlueLionBlog
maie_lynn, Plasticdoe
cricketcrocker, LuciHoneychurch
cricketcrocker, Aliquot126
maie_lynn, dkegel
cricketcrocker, NotToda96597553
BuckSexton, zikavirusmap
cricketcrocker, anathemadeviced
cricketcrocker, tajareyul
jkellyca, Just4TheCause
TonyBaduy, Just4TheCause
maie_lynn, Awithonelison
cricketcrocker, LitsaDremousis
carlsmythe, itsmepanda1
cricketcrocker, ChronicTami
cricketcrocker, KidarWolf
GovMikeHuckabee, Gingerbev
cricketcrocker, RainbowYeticorn
cricketcrocker, Paleontologizin
TinFoilAwards, BeckyJohnson222
cricketcrocker, jzanier468
cricketcrocker, genpopadopolous
GovMikeHuckabee, bigbadant
carlsmythe, LeeTWimberly
TonyBaduy, weaponizedword1
cricketcrocker, armoler1
TinFoilAwards, Pmaxwellfnp
cricketcrocker, dbauer296
cricketcrocker, MKAtwigs
BuckSexton, ChanceAustin
cricketcrocker, 1jewish_prince
guardian, CConniff85
cricketcrocker, PoeticJustice23
cricketcrocker, juliesharp86
cricketcrocker, RedskinInjunRey
cricketcrocker, CaseyWilk
cricketcrocker, buckylarue
LouDobbs, archangel2591
RVAwonk, danigirlPA
cricketcrocker, Starlight_Energ
cricketcrocker, Charion1234
RVAwonk, SRRussell0
RVAwonk, JLRLaw
cricketcrocker, AndrewBresnahan
politico, KMCaton
cricketcrocker, blueraccoon
cricketcrocker, slooterman
cricketcrocker, geanerikc
politico, creepypornlaw
cricketcrocker, JacquiHollins
cricketcrocker, FaeroyGlenn
cricketcrocker, SynceNerd_Carli
cricketcrocker, NPBeccaN
JeremyVineOn5, CosmosSBM
cricketcrocker, kmrose224
maie_lynn, geekpharm
LouDobbs, DonXQuixote
cricketcrocker, 61Trice
cricketcrocker, achouck23
guardian, NexusModel9
RVAwonk, 1JeffreyHolland
JeremyVineOn5, rosenberg_fox
cricketcrocker, DRMontgomeri
cricketcrocker, ZH956
cricketcrocker, JodiKoberinski
JeremyVineOn5, LauraMAKerr
LouDobbs, Lleweyb63
JeremyVineOn5, nGoose1
cricketcrocker, BioProtean
cricketcrocker, EsmePendergast
cricketcrocker, Dogearedtatty
JeremyVineOn5, CarlBrian29
guardian, YIhere
cricketcrocker, MichelleAKline
cricketcrocker, CmdrMaxillius
cricketcrocker, TheVelvetDays
cricketcrocker, richardgwatts1
cricketcrocker, TheBarbarienne
cricketcrocker, GretchenLasalle
cricketcrocker, FrancisVeeGee
cricketcrocker, Zoe_of_Elyon
Nicole_Cliffe, samwilkinson
cricketcrocker, PragmatistProf
cricketcrocker, neurochicken
cricketcrocker, raythlyn
JeremyVineOn5, The_little_pea
cricketcrocker, troublemuffins
cricketcrocker, PunkRammy
The_Trump_Train, my_wry_smile
Nicole_Cliffe, _KatieMM_
JeremyVineOn5, jowalton15
cricketcrocker, LauraStokesGray
BuckSexton, TruthTe28389192
JeremyVineOn5, RosamundS
cricketcrocker, Eric0Lawton
guardian, _2witter
CaulfieldTim, MAFamatic
cricketcrocker, queer_i_am
cricketcrocker, PandeanPanic
LouDobbs, ChanceAustin
BuckSexton, _DocBland
cricketcrocker, AmandaDylina
The_Trump_Train, zikavirusmap
cricketcrocker, DoctorVive
guardian, _2witter
cricketcrocker, RNsharkVA
LouDobbs, honeybee7885
cricketcrocker, AndyDentPerth
LouDobbs, zikavirusmap
cricketcrocker, lilbabyseed
cricketcrocker, NewsieMoore
The_Trump_Train, DonXQuixote
cricketcrocker, amperjess
cricketcrocker, JodiKoberinski
cricketcrocker, blueraccoon
spikesandspokes, CChamomilla
JeremyVineOn5, Ispovelooneris1
cricketcrocker, withaniplease
cricketcrocker, TricyclefishRev
cricketcrocker, KLTWriting
cricketcrocker, CleopatrasHat
RVAwonk, jhall251